README.md, before:

# Project Name

Project Description

## Live Version

This page is not yet deployed.

<!--This page is currently deployed. [View the live website.]()-->

## Feedback and Bugs

If you have feedback or a bug report, please feel free to open a GitHub issue!

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, you may create a Pull Request containing your proposed changes and we will review it as soon as we are able! Please review our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## Code of Conduct

Before interacting with our community, please read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Licensing

Copyright (C) 2022 Naomi Carrigan

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

The full license terms may be viewed in the [LICENSE.md file](./LICENSE.md)

## Contact

We may be contacted through our [Chat Server](http://chat.nhcarrigan.com) or via email at `contact@nhcarrigan.com`.

Commit message:

feat: initial prototype (#2)
* feat: initial tooling

* feat: initial bot prototype

* feat: add other assets

* docs: readme

* feat: actually process commands

* chore: clean up + modularise

README.md, after:

# Asset Bot

This is a bot that offers commands to see various Naomi assets right on Discord - art, emotes, game screenshots, and outfits.

> **Warning**
> While the assets are displayed for your reference (such as for fan art), the assets still belong to Naomi. Please do not redistribute or repurpose them.

## Live Version

[Add the bot to your server!](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1063327634639032340&permissions=0&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

## Feedback and Bugs

If you have feedback or a bug report, please feel free to open a GitHub issue!

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, you may create a Pull Request containing your proposed changes and we will review it as soon as we are able! Please review our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## Code of Conduct

Before interacting with our community, please read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Licensing

Copyright (C) 2022 Naomi Carrigan

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

The full license terms may be viewed in the [LICENSE.md file](./LICENSE.md)

## Contact

We may be contacted through our [Chat Server](http://chat.nhcarrigan.com) or via email at `contact@nhcarrigan.com`.
